<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
  epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <title>Endnotes</title>
</head>

<body epub:type="backmatter">
  <section id="endnotes" epub:type="endnotes">
    <h1 epub:type="title">Endnotes</h1>
    <ol>
      <li id="fn-1" epub:type="endnote">
        <ul>
          <li>As the course emphasises, you are not free to choose the curriculum, or even the form in which you will learn it. (M-2.3:6–7)</li>
          <li>They were chosen for him because the form of the universal curriculum that he will teach is best for them in view of their level of understanding. (M–2.1:2)</li>
          <li>There are many thousands of other forms, all with the same outcome. (M–1.4:2)</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-2" epub:type="endnote">
        <p>And it is only there that love <em>has</em> meaning, and <em>only</em> there <em>can</em> it be understood. (T–15.V.11:8)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-3" epub:type="endnote">
        <p>Your ministry begins as all your thoughts are purified. (W–151.15:2)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-4" epub:type="endnote">
        <ul>
          <li>And the rule of God will cover you, and under the strength of the everlasting arms, he will drive out the enemy from your face saying, “May you be destroyed!”. (Deuteronomy 33:27 LXX)</li>
          <li>The eternal God [is your] refuge, and underneath [are] the everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before you; and shall say, Destroy [them]. (KJV)</li>
          <li>The God of old, he is your refuge. Here below, he is the age-old arm driving the enemy before you; it is he who cries, “Destroy!”. (JB)</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-5" epub:type="endnote">
        <p>I did this to show you that this is how we must exert ourselves to support the weak, remmebering the words of the Lord Jesus, who himself said, “There is more happiness in giving than in receiving”. (Acts 20:35)</p>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-6" epub:type="endnote">
        <p>A light that shines in the dark, a light that darkness could not overpower. (John 1:5)</p>
      </li>
      <li id="fn-7" epub:type="end-note">
        <p>The second [commandment] is this: “You must love your neighbour as yourself”. There is no commandment greater than these. (Mark 12:31)</p>
      </li>






    </ol>
  </section>
</body>
</html>